docs: clarify task working directories (#9098)
hashicorp/nomad: website/pages/docs/drivers/docker.mdx

  docker daemon.

- `volumes` - (Optional) A list of `host_path:container_path` strings to bind

>   host paths to container paths. Mounting host paths outside of the
>   [allocation working directory] can be disabled on clients by setting the
>   `docker.volumes.enabled` option set to false. This will limit volumes to
>   directories that exist inside the allocation working directory. We recommend
>   using [`mounts`](#mounts) if you wish to have more control over volume
>   definitions.

Reviewer: Flipping around the sense from enable to disable to reflect the default setting. Trying to start pulling out enable/disable in favor of prevented (disallowed?)/allow(permitted?).  I mixed them in the text, because I don't have a clear winner.
```suggestion
  host paths to container paths. Mounting host paths outside of the [allocation
  working directory] is prevented by default and limits volumes to directories
  that exist inside the allocation working directory. You can allow mounting
  host paths outside of the [allocation working directory] on individual clients
  by setting the `docker.volumes.enabled` option to `true` in the client's
  configuration. We recommend using [`mounts`](#mounts) if you wish to have more
  control over volume definitions.
```

Author: Nice! 👍
